# Multi-User-Feature-of-IEEE-802.11ax--Matlab-code
Contains the Matlab based implementation of MU-OFDMA and MU-MIMO features of IEEE 802.11ax WLAN systems. It contains the Matlab based implementations for the paper " Performance analysis and Energy Efficiency of MU- (OFDMA &amp; MIMO) based Hybrid MAC Protocol of IEEE 802.11ax WLANs"

The file "A_Main_OFDMA_MUMIMO_TWT.m" contains the code related to the MU-OFDMA, MU-MIMO, Channel Sounding, TWT features of IEEE 802.11ax based simulator. Based on the different flags such as csi_flag,twt_flag,flag_mimo et, we can set the required feature simulation. The simulation paarmeters given in Table.1 of our paper are initialised and then MU-OFDMA based UL RANDOM access mechanism is performed. The final output metrics such as Throughput, RA-Capability, Delay, Power Consumed, Energy Effeciency etc are simulated as well as theoretially calculating using the proceedure given in our paper. The file "A_Main_Poisson_Static" contains the code related to the Static MU-OFDMA based resource allocation mechanism where the traffic at each of the stations is generated using the Poisson distribution. The simulated and analytical throughput are calculated. The file "A_Main_Poisson_Static.m" contains the code related to the Static MU-OFDMA based resource allocation mechanism where the traffic at each of the stations is generated using the Poisson distribution. The simulated and analytical throughput are calculated. Similar characteristics for a Paretto based traffic generator is simulated in "A_Main_Paretto.m" file. In "A_Main_Poisson_Dynamic.m" file, the simulations related to the MU-OFDMA based dynamic RU allocation mechanism of Poisson traffic is calculated.

